Title: Distribution, biomass, and demography of coastal pelagic fishes in the California Current Ecosystem during summer 2015 based on acoustic-trawl sampling

F1: Conceptual spring and summer distribution of Pacific Sardine.

F2: Distribution of potential habitat for the northern stock of Pacific Sardine throughout the survey.

F3: Planned acoustic transect lines.

F4: Echosounder transducers mounted on the bottom of the retractable centerboard on Lasker.

F5: Schematic drawings of the a) net body and b) codend of the Nordic 264 rope trawl.

F6: Example of trawl paths relative to CPS backscatter.

F7: Specimen length versus weight from the current survey compared to those from previous SWFSC surveys during the same season.

F8: Echograms depicting CPS schools and plankton aggregations.

F9: Water column characteristics and the distribution of putative CPS echoes (right) along an example acoustic transect.

F10: Polygons enclosing 100-m acoustic intervals assigned to each trawl cluster, and the proportion (by weight) of CPS in each trawl cluster.

F11: Acoustic biomass density versus latitude and strata used to estimate biomass and abundance for each species and survey vessel.

F12: Post-survey strata polygons relative to proportional backscatter from each CPS species.

F13: Spatial distributions of backscatter from CPS, egg density from CUFES, and proportions of CPS in trawl clusters.

F14: Total (top) and cumulative (bottom) acoustic biomass (t) versus distance to the nearest positive trawl cluster.

F15: Biomass densities of northern stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F16: Abundance versus standard length and biomass versus length for the northern stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax) in the survey area.

F17: Biomass densities of central stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F18: Abundance versus standard length and biomass versus length for the central stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax) in the survey area.

F19: Biomass densities of northern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F20: Abundance versus standard length and biomass versus length for the northern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax) in the survey area.

F21: Biomass densities of southern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F22: Abundance versus standard length and biomass versus length for the southern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax) in the survey area.

F23: Biomass densities of Pacific Mackerel (Scomber japonicus), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F24: Abundance versus fork length and biomass versus length of Pacific Mackerel (Scomber japonicus) in the survey area.

F25: Biomass densities of Jack Mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F26: Abundance versus fork length and biomass versus length of Jack Mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus) in the survey area.

F27: Biomass densities of Pacific Herring (Clupea pallasii), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F28: Abundance versus fork length and biomass versus length of Pacific Herring (Clupea pallasii) in the survey area.

F29: Time series of estimated CPS biomass since 2008.

F30: Time series of cumulative CPS biomass since 2008.

A1: Standard length (frequency distributions of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

A2: Standard length (frequency distributions of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

A3: Fork length (frequency distributions of Pacific Mackerel (Scomber japonicus) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

A4: Fork length (frequency distributions of Jack Mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

A5: Fork length (frequency distributions of Pacific Herring (Clupea pallasii) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

F31: Example biomass densities of the central stock of Northern Anchovy in the offshore region compared to extrapolations into the unsample, nearshore region.

F32: Biomass densities of northern stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax), per strata, extrapolated into the unsampled nearshore waters.

F33: Biomass densities of central stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax), per strata, extrapolated into the unsampled nearshore waters.

F34: Biomass densities of northern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax), per strata, extrapolated into the unsampled nearshore waters.

F35: Biomass densities of southern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax), per strata, extrapolated into the unsampled nearshore waters.

F36: Biomass densities of Pacific Mackerel (Scomber japonicus), per strata, extrapolated into the unsampled nearshore waters.

F37: Biomass densities of Jack Mackerel (Scomber japonicus), per strata, extrapolated into the unsampled nearshore waters.

F38: Biomass densities of Pacific Herring (Clupea pallasii), per strata, extrapolated into the unsampled nearshore waters.
