Title: Distribution, biomass, and demographics of coastal pelagic fishes in the California Current Ecosystem during spring 2021 based on acoustic-trawl sampling

F1: Distribution of northern anchovy eggs during spring 2017 to 2019.

F2: Composite maps of sardine potential habitat, chlorophyll concentration, and sea surface temperature during the 2021 spring survey.

F3: Planned acoustic transect lines.

F4: Echosounder transducers mounted on the bottom of the retractable centerboard on Lasker.

F5: Echosounder transducers mounted on a pole on Long Beach Carnage.

F6: Schematic drawings of the a) net body and b) codend of the Nordic 264 rope trawl aboard Lasker.

F7: Specimen length versus weight from the current survey compared to those from previous SWFSC surveys during the same season.

F8: Echograms depicting CPS schools and plankton aggregations.

F9: Example of echogram editing to remove non-CPS backscatter and other diffuse scatterers.

F10: Polygons enclosing 100-m acoustic intervals assigned to each trawl cluster, and the proportion (by weight) of CPS in each trawl cluster.

F11: Acoustic biomass density versus latitude and strata used to estimate biomass and abundance for each species and survey vessel.

F12: Distribution of temporally aggregated potential sardine habitat showing positions of survey vessels.

F13: Proportion (top) and cumulative (bottom) acoustic biomass (t) versus distance to the nearest positive trawl cluster.

F14: Biomass densities of central stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax), per strata, in the core and nearshore survey region.

F15: Abundance versus standard length and biomass versus length for the central stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax) , in the core and nearshore survey region.

F16: Biomass densities of southern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F17: Abundance versus standard length and biomass versus length for the southern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax), in the core and nearshore survey region.

F18: Biomass densities of Pacific Mackerel (Scomber japonicus), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F19: Abundance versus fork length and biomass versus length of Pacific Mackerel (Scomber japonicus), in the nearshore survey region.

F20: Biomass densities of Jack Mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F21: Abundance versus fork length and biomass versus length of Jack Mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus), in the core and nearshore survey region.

F22: Spatial distribution of Pacific Sardine overlaid on potential northern stock habitat during spring 2021.

F23: Relative abundance versus standard length of Pacific Sardine estimate during spring and summer 2021, separate by putative southern and northern stocks.

A1: Standard length (frequency distributions of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

A2: Standard length (frequency distributions of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

A3: Fork length (frequency distributions of Jack Mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

B1: Distribution of Northern Anchovy inferred from the Spring 2021 CPS and CalCOFI surveys. From the CPS survey, the red circles represent the smallest biomass densities that sum to 5% of the total biomass, and the green circles represent the largest biomass densities that sum to 95% of the biomass. From the CalCOFI survey, less than one month later, the blue circles indicate the smallest densities of Northern Anchovy eggs that sum to 5% of the total Northern Anchovy eggs, and the "+" symbols indicate the largest densities of Northern Anchovy eggs that sum to 95% of the total Northern Anchovy eggs.
