Title: Distribution, biomass, and demographics of coastal pelagic fishes in the California Current Ecosystem during summer 2024 based on acoustic-trawl sampling

F1: Conceptual spring and summer distribution of Pacific Sardine.

F2: Planned acoustic transect lines.

F3: Echosounder transducers mounted on the bottom of the retractable centerboard on Lasker.

F4: Echosounder transducers mounted on a pole on Long Beach Carnage.

F5: Echosounder transducers mounted in a blister on the hull of the Lisa Marie.

F6: Schematic drawings of the the (a) top, (b) bottom, and (c) side views of multifunction trawl (MFT) net used aboard Lasker.

F7: Schematic drawings of the the (a) rigging and (b) cod-end of the multifunction trawl (MFT) net used aboard Lasker.

F8: Example trawl headrope and footrope depths, and vessel speed, during deployment of the trawl net aboard Lasker.

F9: Specimen length versus weight from the current survey compared to those from previous SWFSC surveys during the same season.

F10: Locations of nighttime trawls and purse seine sets used to compare net sampling methods.

F11: Echograms depicting CPS schools and plankton aggregations.

F12: Example of echogram editing to remove non-CPS backscatter and other diffuse scatterers.

F13: Polygons enclosing 100-m acoustic intervals assigned to each trawl cluster, and the acoustic proportion of CPS in each trawl cluster.

F14: Acoustic biomass density versus latitude and strata used to estimate biomass and abundance for each species and survey vessel.

F15: Distribution of temporally aggregated potential sardine habitat showing positions of FSV Lasker and the nearshore fishing vessels Long Beach Carnage and Lisa Marie.

F16: Total (top) and cumulative (bottom) acoustic biomass (t) versus distance to the nearest positive trawl cluster.

F17: Spatial distributions of backscatter from a) CPS and b) acoustic proportions of CPS in trawl clusters.

F18: Spatial distributions of backscatter from CPS and proportions of CPS in purse seine samples during nearshore sampling by fishing vessel Long Beach Carnage.

F19: Spatial distributions of backscatter from CPS and proportions of CPS in purse seine samples during nearshore sampling by fishing vessel Lisa Marie.

F20: Biomass densities of northern stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax), per strata, in the core and nearshore survey region.

F21: Abundance versus standard length and biomass versus length for the northern stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax) , in the core and nearshore survey region.

F22: Biomass densities of central stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax), per strata, in the core and nearshore survey region.

F23: Abundance versus standard length and biomass versus length for the central stock of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax), in the core and nearshore survey region.

F24: Biomass densities of northern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax), per strata, in the core and nearshore survey region.

F25: Abundance versus standard length and biomass versus length for the northern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax), in the core and nearshore survey region.

F26: Biomass densities of southern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F27: Abundance versus standard length and biomass versus length for the southern stock of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax), in the core and nearshore survey region.

F28: Biomass densities of Pacific Mackerel (Scomber japonicus), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F29: Abundance versus fork length and biomass versus length of Pacific Mackerel (Scomber japonicus), in the core and nearshore survey region.

F30: Biomass densities of Jack Mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F31: Abundance versus fork length and biomass versus length of Jack Mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus), in the core and nearshore survey region.

F32: Biomass densities of Pacific Herring (Clupea pallasii), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F33: Abundance versus fork length and biomass versus length of Pacific Herring (Clupea pallasii), in the core and nearshore survey region.

F34: Biomass densities of Round Herring (Etrumeus acuminatus), per strata, throughout the survey region.

F35: Abundance versus fork length and biomass versus length of Round Herring (Etrumeus acuminatus), in the core and nearshore survey region.

F36: The proportion of CPS in (a) nighttime trawls and (b) purse seines, used to compare net sampling methods.

F37: The proportion of CPS in (a) nighttime trawl clusters and (b) purse seines, used to compare net sampling methods.

F38: Lenght distributions for CPS in (a) nighttime trawls and (b) purse seines.

F39: Differentiation of northern and southern stocks of Pacific Sardine by length distributions, length-at-latitude, and geographic locations of trawl catches.

F40: Time series plots of stock-specific CPS biomass (top) and cumulative CPS biomass (bottom) since 2008.

B1.1: Calibration plots for Lasker in CW mode.

B1.2: Calibration plots for Lasker in FM mode.

B2: Calibration plots for Lisa Marie in CW mode.

B3: Calibration plots for Long Beach Carnage in CW mode.

C1: Standard length (frequency distributions of Northern Anchovy (Engraulis mordax) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

C2: Standard length (frequency distributions of Pacific Sardine (Sardinops sagax) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

C3: Fork length (frequency distributions of Pacific Mackerel (Scomber japonicus) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

C4: Fork length (frequency distributions of Jack Mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

C5: Fork length (frequency distributions of Pacific Herring (Clupea pallasii) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).

C6: Fork length (frequency distributions of Round Herring (Etrumeus acuminatus) per nighttime trawl cluster, annotated with the number of individuals caught and their percentage contributions to the abundance in each stratum and across all strata (i.e., for the entire survey).
